phil welsby - 28 jan 2021
20 triva questions for The Haunted Mansion Game

Trivia Question: What color is a ruby?
Answer: Red

Trivia Question: What do caterpillars turn into?
Answer: Butterflies

Trivia Question: What do you call a baby lion?
Answer: A cub

Trivia Question: What do bees make?
Answer: Honey

Trivia Question: What is it called when birds fly to warmer climates for the winter?
Answer: Migration

Trivia Question: What are the three states of matter?
Answer: Solid, liquid, and gas

Trivia Question: How many legs does a spider have?
Answer: 8

Trivia Question: What is the fastest land animal?
Answer: The Cheetah

Trivia Question: How many teeth does a human have?
Answer: 32

Trivia Question: How many toes does a human have?
Answer: Ten

Trivia Question: What do you call a baby goat?
Answer: A kid

Trivia Question: Name a mammal that can’t jump
Answer: Elephant, sloth, hippo, & rhino

Trivia Question: What temperature does water freeze at?
Answer: 32 degrees Fahrenheit

Trivia Question: What word refers to animals with a backbone?
Answer: vertebrates

Trivia Question: What is a group of crows called?
Answer: A murder

Trivia Question: What is a group of lions called?
Answer: A pride

Trivia Question: What is a human’s average temperature?
Answer: 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit

Trivia Question: What is the nearest planet to the Sun?
Answer: Mercury

Trivia Question: How many inches are in a foot?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: How many feet are in a yard?
Answer: Three

Trivia Question: What kind of shape is a stop sign?
Answer: An octagon

Trivia Question: How many sides does a pentagon have?
Answer: Five

Trivia Question: What comes after a million, billion, & trillion?
Answer: Quadrillion

Trivia Question: How many zeros are in a million?
Answer: Six

Trivia Question: What largely creates the Earth’s ties through gravitational pull?
Answer: The Moon

Trivia Question: How many arms does a starfish have?
Answer: Five

Trivia Question: Which sea animal has tentacles that sting?
Answer: Jellyfish

Trivia Question: What is the longest bone in the human body?
Answer: Femur

Trivia Question: How many bones are in the human body?
Answer: 206

Trivia Question: What is the smallest bone in the human body?
Answer: The stapes, located in the inner ear

Trivia Question: How many ribs are in the human body?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: How often does the Moon orbit the Earth?
Answer: Approximately every 27 days

Trivia Question: What is the name for the holes on the Moon’s surface?
Answer: Craters

Trivia Question: Which bird can learn to mimic human speech?
Answer: Parrots

Trivia Question: What bird lives in Antarctica and cannot fly?
Answer: Penguin

Trivia Question: What allows birds to fly?
Answer: Their wings

Trivia Question: How many edges does a cube have?
Answer: 12

Trivia Question: What kind of tree do acorns grow on?
Answer: Oak

Trivia Question: What is a female elephant called?
Answer: A cow

Trivia Question: What color is given to the second full moon of the month?
Answer: Blue

Trivia Question: A lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth is between the Moon and what else?
Answer: The sun

Trivia Question: Are birds warm-blooded?
Answer: Yes

Trivia Question: What is the largest bird in the world?
Answer: The Ostrich

Trivia Question: What is the most common species of bird found in the world?
Answer: Chicken

Trivia Question: True or false, hummingbirds can fly backward?
Answer: True

Trivia Question: Which body parts continue to grow throughout your entire life?
Answer: Your ears and nose

Trivia Question: The left side of your body is controlled by which side of your brain?
Answer: The right side of the brain

Trivia Question: Which cat is the largest member of the cat family?
Answer: Tiger

Trivia Question: Frogs begin life as what?
Answer: Tadpoles

Trivia Question: What is the hottest planet in our solar system?
Answer: Venus

Trivia Question:  What is a dog’s most highly developed sense?
Answer: Smell

Trivia Question: True or False, dogs can only see in black & white?
Answer: False; dogs can see multiple colors.

Trivia Question: What is the most common training command taught to dogs?
Answer: “Sit”

Trivia Question: Which dog breed has a black dog?
Answer: Chow chow

Trivia Question: True or false, Dalmatians are born with spots?
Answer: False, Dalmatian puppies are born white, and their spots come later in life

Trivia Question: Teeth form part of the skeletal system, but do they count as bones?
Answer: No

Trivia Question: Do snakes have eyelids?
Answer: No

Trivia Question: What do snakes smell with?
Answer: Their tongue

Trivia Question: How many Earths could fit inside the sun?
Answer: 1 million
Sports & Entertainment

Trivia Question: Which fruit does Spongebob live in?
Answer: Pineapple

Trivia Question: Which princess lived with seven dwarfs?
Answer: Snow White

Trivia Question: Can you name the seven dwarfs?
Answer: Sleepy, Sneezy, Dopey, Bashful, Doc, Happy, & Grumpy

Trivia Question: Who lives in Neverland?
Answer: Peter Pan

Trivia Question: What is Winnie the Poo’s favorite treat?
Answer: Honey

Trivia Question: What kind of fish is Nemo from Finding Nemo?
Answer: A Clownfish

Trivia Question: How many bases are on a baseball field?
Answer: Four

Trivia Question: Which princess fell in love with a beast?
Answer: Princess Belle

Trivia Question: Which TV network hosts The Teen Choice Awards?
Answer: Nickelodeon

Trivia Question: Who is the villain in The Little Mermaid?
Answer: Ursula

Trivia Question: What television series cartoon dog says, “Ruh Roh!”?
Answer: Scooby-Doo

Trivia Question: What color is the sky?
Answer: Blue

Trivia Question: What company makes iPads and iPhones?
Answer: Apple

Trivia Question: Whose catchphrase is “to infinity and beyond”?
Answer: Buzz Lightyear

Trivia Question: What is Shrek’s wife’s name?
Answer: Fiona

Trivia Question: The Stanley Cup is awarded to which sport?
Answer: Hockey

Trivia Question: What does the acronym RBI mean in baseball?
Answer: Runs Batted In

Trivia Question: What was the baby lion’s name in The Lion King?
Answer: Simba

Trivia Question: What is Mike’s last name in Monsters, Inc.?
Answer: Wazowski

Trivia Question: Where did Harry Potter go to school?
Answer: Hogwarts

Trivia Question: Katniss was the main character in what movie?
Answer: The Hunger Games

Trivia Question: What did the lion want most in The Wizard of Oz?
Answer: Courage

Trivia Question: What does Mario jump on after completing a level?
Answer: A flagpole

Trivia Question: What is Buddy the Elf’s brother’s name?
Answer: Michael

Trivia Question: What weakens Superman?
Answer: Kryptonite

Trivia Question: What is the shape of a baseball field?
Answer: A diamond

Trivia Question: What does the score of “love” equal in tennis?
Answer: Zero

Trivia Question: True or False: A birdie is one stroke over par?
Answer: False




